create account pooya
1
login pooya
1
enter shop
buy arash
Buy Emaindeckpower
buy Fireball
buy God Strength
buy HellFire
buy Madness
buy kamaindeckandare fars
buy shamaindeckshirzane fars
buy neizedare fars
buy asbsavare fars
buy sho
buy sepahsalare fars
buy kamaindeckandare toorani
buy ghollabsangdare toorani
buy neyzedare toorani
buy jasoose toorani
buy gorzdare toorani
buy dive siah
buy ghoole sangandaz
buy Sacrifice
buy dive gorazsavar
buy Assassination Dagger
buy poison lake
exit
enter collection
create deck maindeck
select deck maindeck
add 1 to deck maindeck
add 2 to deck maindeck
add 3 to deck maindeck
add 4 to deck maindeck
add 5 to deck maindeck
add 6 to deck maindeck
add 7 to deck maindeck
add 8 to deck maindeck
add 9 to deck maindeck
add 10 to deck maindeck
add 11 to deck maindeck
add 12 to deck maindeck
add 13 to deck maindeck
add 14 to deck maindeck
add 15 to deck maindeck
add 16 to deck maindeck
add 17 to deck maindeck
add 18 to deck maindeck
add 19 to deck maindeck
add 20 to deck maindeck
add 101 to deck maindeck
add 102 to deck maindeck
add 103 to deck maindeck
add 104 to deck maindeck
add 105 to deck maindeck
add 106 to deck maindeck
add 107 to deck maindeck
add 108 to deck maindeck
add 109 to deck maindeck
add 110 to deck maindeck
add 111 to deck maindeck
add 112 to deck maindeck
add 113 to deck maindeck
add 114 to deck maindeck
add 115 to deck maindeck
add 116 to deck maindeck
add 117 to deck maindeck
add 118 to deck maindeck
add 119 to deck maindeck
add 120 to deck maindeck
add 121 to deck maindeck
add 122 to deck maindeck
add 123 to deck maindeck
add 124 to deck maindeck
add 125 to deck maindeck
add 126 to deck maindeck
add 127 to deck maindeck
add 128 to deck maindeck
add 129 to deck maindeck
add 130 to deck maindeck
add 131 to deck maindeck
add 132 to deck maindeck
add 133 to deck maindeck
add 134 to deck maindeck
add 135 to deck maindeck
add 136 to deck maindeck
add 137 to deck maindeck
add 138 to deck maindeck
add 139 to deck maindeck
add 140 to deck maindeck
add 207 to deck maindeck
Add 315 to deck maindeck